README.md, before:

###Android application for the OSU App Center competition.

Competition Theme: Drive to Win!

App Goal: Through the app, customers would be able to participate in a driving challenge, training people to drive safely.
The participants of “Drive to win!” with the highest score would receive discounts on their monthly insurance payments.
Insurance companies would be able to monitor users’ driving quality based on a telematics device that utilizes the
on-board diagnostic (OBD) port of a car. Along with the above feature, the app also consists of predictive time, where the
application predicts the exact time, it would take to reach the destination based on driving habits. The application also
has the features of road assistance, maintenance schedule and shows the driving behavior measuring harsh breaking, harsh
acceleration, harsh turns, speeding for each trip.


##Useful resources for project members

Trello:

For organization and management of sprints for each team-member, as well as historical archiving.

https://trello.com/b/8p54iUuW/contest-app-project-board

======================================================================================================

How to use Trello with Agile Development:

An article on using Trello with Agile Dev methodologies.

http://www.tommasonervegna.com/blog/2014/1/9/10-effective-tips-for-using-trello-as-an-agile-scrum-project-management-tool

=======================================================================================================

Proper Github Branching Model:

A guide on how to use Github properly when working with a team.

http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

===========================================================================================================

Websites with more Android libraries:

Here are a few websites that make for great library references when working with Android.

https://android-arsenal.com/

https://github.com/wasabeef/awesome-android-ui

http://developer.android.com/tools/support-library/index.html

Commit message:

Added a few necessary libraries, and updated Readme with links to added libraries

README.md, after:

###Android application for the OSU App Center competition.

Competition Theme: Drive to Win!

App Goal: Through the app, customers would be able to participate in a driving challenge, training people to drive safely.
The participants of “Drive to win!” with the highest score would receive discounts on their monthly insurance payments.
Insurance companies would be able to monitor users’ driving quality based on a telematics device that utilizes the
on-board diagnostic (OBD) port of a car. Along with the above feature, the app also consists of predictive time, where the
application predicts the exact time, it would take to reach the destination based on driving habits. The application also
has the features of road assistance, maintenance schedule and shows the driving behavior measuring harsh breaking, harsh
acceleration, harsh turns, speeding for each trip.


##Useful resources for project members

Trello:

For organization and management of sprints for each team-member, as well as historical archiving.

https://trello.com/b/8p54iUuW/contest-app-project-board

===========================================================================================================

How to use Trello with Agile Development:

An article on using Trello with Agile Dev methodologies.

http://www.tommasonervegna.com/blog/2014/1/9/10-effective-tips-for-using-trello-as-an-agile-scrum-project-management-tool

===========================================================================================================

Proper Github Branching Model:

A guide on how to use Github properly when working with a team.

http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/

===========================================================================================================

Websites with more Android libraries:

Here are a few websites that make for great library references when working with Android.

https://android-arsenal.com/

https://github.com/wasabeef/awesome-android-ui

http://developer.android.com/tools/support-library/index.html

===========================================================================================================

Libraries currently used in app:

Appcompat Support v7 - Contains many "material" constructs to keep older versions of Android look more in line with 5.0

https://developer.android.com/tools/support-library/features.html

Cards Lib - Library containing customizable CardView elements, and other supporting views

https://github.com/gabrielemariotti/cardslib

Picasso - A simple image loading and caching library

http://square.github.io/picasso/

System bar tint - Allows for editing color and transparency of system and status bars

https://github.com/jgilfelt/SystemBarTint
